mext maxima distribution (or package) installer.

There are several ways to install this software.  The
following way uses wxmaxima and has been tested under
gcl/win32, as well as several lisps under linux.  The
details here assume we are on win32. (There is also a posix
shell script all-lisps.sh that can build and install the
distributions for several lisps.)

Currently only installation to the user maxima folder is
supported. A separate subfolder is created for each combination
of maxima version and lisp implementation-version. So you
can use different versions of maxima and implementations
and versions of lisp in parallel.

We use the word 'distribution' to mean a piece of
third party software. This might be called a package
too. The code in the distribution might consist of
one file, or of several files. Several, but not all
of the packages from the maxima third party code site
are pacakged here.

* Download the source from github, using the "download
this repository as a zip file" button.

* Right-click on the downloaded zip file and choose
Extract all files. When prompted for a destination,
click 'Browse...'. You can extract it anywhere, but
we make a specific choice here. Click your home directory,
Click 'Make New Folder'. Name the folder 'mext'. You should
see a path something like:
     C:\Users\Bill\mext
Click 'Extract.

* Intstall the mext_system distribution (package) to your
user maxima folder.  All other distributions packaged for
mext depend on mext_system (mext). First, we show how to
install them one-by-one. Below, we show how to install several,
or all, of them.  Open wxmaxima. Click
menu File-->Load Package. Browse to where you extracted the
zip file and choose mext-->mext_system. At the bottom of the
file dialog change the filter to read 'All' or 'lisp'. Click
on the LISP file 'mext-ibuild'. Click 'open'.  If all goes
well, mext should be installed.

* Install other software. Just to be safe, restart maxima or
wxmaxima. (This is probably not necessary).  Some
distributions depend on others, so you have to load the
dependencies first. (See the note below.)  To install one
distribution, click File-->Load Package and choose the
folder named for the distribution you want to load. Click on
the file 'ibuild.mac' in this folder to build and install
the distribution.

Dependencies:  A depends on B is written A -> B
Any distribution not listed here depends only on mext_system.

  aex -> maxdoc -> defmfun1
  alt_eigen -> maxdoc
  nelder_mead -> maxdoc
  store -> maxdoc  (store requires that the asdf library cl-store be installed)

* To install all distribtutions. First install mext_system as described
above. Then open a new wxmaxima session.  Type the following:

  load(mext);
  pwd();
  chdir(maxima_userdir);
  updir();
  chdir("mext");
  pwd();

Edit the file mext\buildall3.mac to include all or some of the
distributions. All are included by default.
Then click File-->Load Package and choose the file mext\buildall3.mac.
This should build and install all packages. Maxima might seem to
be hung sometimes, so you have to be patient.
